fix: /ok-to-test /retest pipelineruns should not be created if last sha successful (#2048)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/_index.md

<--->

> - Pull-request "*GitOps*" actions through comments with `/retest` (reruns failed pipelines), `/test <pipeline-name>` (force rerun specific pipeline) and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull-request "*GitOps*" actions through comments with `/retest` (reruns failed PipelineRuns), `/test <pipeline-name>` (force rerun specific PipelineRun) and so on.
```
